The Joe Rogan.
Experience the man. Have you heard of hyperbaracks? Yes, this.
Is, I know. Um, yuiah Faber used it quite a bit after his fight with Jo Aldo.
Yeah. When Aldo his leg up and his, his.
Legswollen up real bad. I'm telling you,
this is one of the biggest game changers.
I love the float mm-hmm <affirmative> uh, go float tanks.
I've done it at least 50 times, uh, at float O KC in Oklahoma,
my wife and I that's our date night. Once a week, we go and we do that.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> um, and I, I float fight week, at least twice a week.
I really believe in floating. Um,
hyperbaracks is unlike anything I've ever done and felt immediate long lasting
benefits from like, how so,
what does it make you feel like I get better sleep than I' ever, ever gotten.
That was instant almost. I mean, I noticed it the first night,
the second night I've done over 20 treatments now of hyperbarics you get in the
tank, um, you put on an oxygen mask and,
and they fill the tank up with oxygen and you lay there for an hour and a half
to two hours. Some people only takes an hour, but I'm bigger.
And they take me to a lower depth mm-hmm <affirmative> and then my ears kind of
mess up on me a little bit on flights. Um,
they kinda gets clogged up or whatever because of the hyperbaric chamber. No,
it's just, they've always done that on planes. Okay.
And so it's like you're in a plane when you're in the hyperbarics and what it
does is it pressurizes the oxygen down into your cells.
So it's literally going into your mitochondria.
That's what the new studies are showing the oxygen gets in there in a,
it promotes healing and in your brain,
it literally brings blood flow into every part of the brain that needs it.
So it's one of the best things after a concussion. Ah,
so I was with Rayen and what's, I I'm one of those guys that sometimes thinks,
um, everything happens for a reason, you know, or there's,
there's not a lot ofences I just started hyperbaracks two or three days before
where I met Rayden, then I'm doing it.
And they're saying it's one of the best things for concussions.
Rayden gets a concussion from one of those fights. Um,
or maybe it was one of the ones that wasn't on the fight,
but they diagnosed him. I with the doctors and his mom and his dad,
whenever the doctor says, I think he really has a concussion,
did some testing on him, wrote a prescription and said, Hey,
I think he needs to do hyperbarics.
That's one of the best things for concussions now. And I was like,
I just started. And so literally that day, the doctor,
hands him a prescription for hyperbaracks and then I take him in there and get
hyperbaracks.
And this is probably the story I wanted to share with you about hyperbarics the
most there's this kid named Caleb Freeman and he just made NBC nightly news. Um,
a I think Fox news and ABC, um,
he's making the news everywhere because of his comeback story.
The kid probably should have never been able to eat again on his own,
especially never be able to walk.
His parents were told that he would be left in a vegetative state.
And if you have that Caleb Freeman video,
because of he got in a vicious car accident, 16 years old,
he just started driving.
He was the number one cross country runner at his school,
but also in his district. And then he got in this brutal car accident.
Here's the video of him trying to learn to put up the finger. Number one, again,
there's a, he's trying to do a one that's his dad kind of coaching him,
but he was the number one cross country runner.
Now he is trying to get him to do a thumbs up.
And this is all for a high brain dive. Yep.
Traumatic brain injury driving down the road, hit, hit a, uh,
what's it hydroplained, <affirmative> got in a brutal wreck. Um,
and they thought he would be left in a vegetative state for the wreck rest of
his life. So you can see right here,
his muscles are so arophied mm-hmm <affirmative> because he had been in like a,
I think he was in a coma or he was, um, in intensive care for so long. Um,
and so his dad's trying to get him to do a thumbs up. You know,
he is trying his hardest to do that. If you can go to the second video, um,
and they're telling him,
you should really try hyperbaracks they' everything you can.
And so the whole community has rallied around him in Oklahoma. Um,
he's from new castle where one of our board members are from,
and they're trying to help him learn to walk again, assist it.
I don't know what they have in the, did he break his arm? Yeah.
He broke his arm. He, he fall down, break his arm.
Cause in the other picture seemed like he didn't have the, um,
actually don't know post accident. Yeah. This is post accident.
So maybe this was before that other video. Um,
so which video are you trying to show then? Um,
but trying to show you both of these,
because this is how far gone he was mm-hmm <affirmative> and then after 40
hyperbaric treatments, they say, get 'em in there,
it'll flood his brain with oxygen, right? When it has the oxygen,
it'll reproduce, uh,
the bloods flow and they'll bring actual healing into his brain.
And so that third video, um, is right here. He's literally,
he was the number one cross country runner at his school.
So now he's trying to learn how to do cross country. Again,
he was ever supposed to walk again on his own.
He came in there to the hyperbaracks assisted.
Like you saw where people are assisting him on both sides.
He does 40 treatments of hyperbaracks and then all of a sudden he walks up and
down the football field, 14 times unassisted, nothing changed, um,
just 40 hyperbaric treatments and doctors. Like you gotta keep doing this. Yeah,
yeah. That next video is actually him.
That's a JPEG that's us at hyperbarics with Rayden.
That's the young man that got the concussion on the right.
And this video right here. I don't know if there's volume, but, uh,
this is actually a pretty special video.
This is after 80 treatments,
he's literally finishing his cross country run again.
And he was never supposed to walk and that's after like three or five miles.
Wow. And so, and how's his ability to communicate? Is that coming back as well?
Yeah, he was actually texting me, uh, this morning.
He texted me that picture of us and Ray. Wow. Um, and his,
his dad actually forgot. He goes, he goes, where,
where do we take that picture again? And, uh, or I don't have it saved.
And Caleb goes, it's in your phone, dad, just look. And so he he's,
he's able to recollect a lot of different stuff. That's amazing.
So this is all something that you're, uh, experiencing as well for your, yeah.
Your treatment for the parasites. Yep. And I I've,
I've literally never gotten better sleep.
I feel more positive when I come out of it. Um,
and then I feel like I can focus better because one of the things that they saw
in my brain scans where I have PTSD and then I have real, uh,
severe a D D um, and they can see that on the Fu how my brain functions,
they guess there's like eight different types of a D brains.
Don't put me in one of the things. I don't even want to know.
I think you need to do it.
I don't even want know what's you then Dr. Aman's awesome, man. And so then I,
I have that. And then, so going into the oxygen,
they can see from scan one to scan two mm-hmm,
<affirmative> how my brain is actually functioning better. And, uh,
the spots with a D have kind of cooled off a little bit. Um,
the spots with PTSD have literally kind of gone down a little bit. Um,
and so that was Caleb's story.
There's also this girl named Eden Carlson in Eden Carlson.
There's like a minute clip, um, on the New York post and they did it on YouTube.
This girl drowned for two hours.
She was facing float down in a pool or face down in a pool.
Her mom pulled her out at maybe 15 minute. She drowned for two hours.
She didn't breathe. She didn't have a heartbeat. Um, and then at the hospital,
they miraculously got her back. Her story's all over. If you just Google Eden,
she was dead for two hours, two hours, Eden Carlson,
E D E N Carlson. Um,
she's the first one to, uh, have brain damage reversal,
scientifically proven. They've done all the MRIs and cat scans. Wow.
From the hyperbarics from hyperbarics one of the first things they need to do
for victims. Man. I think this is worth trying to pull up one of those videos.
Um, it's New York post Eden play those. Oh, okay. You can't post. I plays that,
but literally, um,
there's a Eden Carlson video on YouTube and it's wild to
see how she's recovered and how they told her she would never be able to eat
again. Never be able to go to school, never be able to do that.
Now she's basically a normal a girl, again, know, look at her there. Yeah.
So cute. Right there.
A little smile. That's amazing.
Her mom is like a huge advocate for it. Now that's a incredible, and.
Uh, now, but with you, what do they have to do?
Like they have to find out whether on the parasites are still in your system,
<affirmative> identify the parasites, cuz it could be an.
Unknown parasite. Right?
Well they know it's STO and if I've had STO in me for as long as they think they
don't think it started in April, they think maybe that was another, not an on,
but took it to another level when I went there and got sick. Um,
and it was brutal. I mean, I was hugging basically the, the, the, uh,
not the toilet, but the, um, uh, the latrine mm-hmm <affirmative> um,
while I was in Uganda, in April, uh, in may now, I mean, I was just so sick.
This hyperbaric.
Is helping you, but you you're still not, not able to train right now.
Like you're not, you're not like you don't have a fight schedule at time.
I don't have a fight scheduled,
but I would like to fight first quarter of next year if I can. Is.
That literally possible? I mean, if.
You're not six months from now, I have another follow up appointment here.
Uh-huh in March and we're gonna have a lot more data to show like
from my blood work to my bacteria in my stomach, mm-hmm <affirmative> um,
to, uh, those brain scans are gonna be the big thing that show, um,
how my brain has started to heal how my body started to feel. Right. Um,
and show my health just increasing.
And so that's the goal I'm on this mission to get, get healthy. Um,
so I can fight again, but also just so that I can function better. Yeah. Um,
and have like, not these big swings.
So the hyperbaric chamber is helping you yeah. Big time,
but yet you're still feeling some serious yeah. Significance. I,
I just started the hyperbarics a month ago. Okay. So I'm 20 treatments in, I,
I need to get, um, 40 done as soon as possible. Um,
and then they think I'll probably do another round of 40. Um, and then yeah, I,
I, I mean seeing how, how Caleb's doing mm-hmm <affirmative>, I mean,
Caleb told, Caleb showed me this, this is wild.
I come in and I'm, uh,
about to get in the chamber with him and he shows me his hand shaking and
he's showing me, I don't know what that's called, but it's whenever, um, uh,
is that when Parkinson's and different stuff,
like you have those kind of shakes mm-hmm you in your hand can sure. Uh,
or Alzheimer's or whatever that is. Um,
so Caleb's got that and he gets in the chamber. 90 minutes later, we get out,
he shows me his hand and it's completely steel and he can put contacts back in
his eyes. Whoa.
But before there's no way at all that he can get contacts in his eyes
afterwards, his body's calmed down enough.
His brain has enough oxygen and blood flow in it that he can put his contacts
back in on his own. That's insane. Yeah. So Rayden, um,
his parents say that he was always up and down in the middle of the night and
that they would have to try to put him back to sleep. Um, and now he just,
once he's asleep, he's asleep until they wake him up. Um,
they think it's helping with his autism, his diabetes, um,
his AC one levels or whatever those are called. Those have started to come down.
And what the doctors have told us is like, there's nothing better.
The doctors take a oath that say to do no harm. Mm-hmm,
<affirmative> like that's first and foremost is to do no harm. And they're like,
if someone has a concussion or if someone has autism, or if someone has, um,
this bacteria or a parasite that might be in the brain,
why not flood the body on a cellular level? Oh,
you're gonna love this part that can increase your,
your stem cells by eight times in your body. Wow.
So it's one of the best treatments for whenever you have the stem cells injected
in you mm-hmm <affirmative>.
So I had themcs the meinkial stem cellshmm for my hip,
put my shoulder mm-hmm <affirmative> they said one of the best things I could
have done for it.
Would've been to get in a hyperbaric chamber because that would, um,
promote the,
the stem cell growth and life of the stem cells because they're cells and you're
pushing oxygen into the cells. Yeah. And increasing blood flow into it.
And you're extending their life. Wow. And helping them reproduce.
So it's one of the best things out there, Joe. I,
I wouldn't be talking about it like this without, uh, Rafael is getting into it.
Joe namoth Joe namoth has his own, um,
clinic now for hyperbaracks.
Yeah. He's doing that through reverses brain trauma for football. Right.
I read about that. Right.
And it's the first time there's ever been documented cases of brain trauma
reversal, where if you can heal your brain,
you basically heal your life where you have a healthy brain,
you have a healthy life.
Dude.
We need a hyperbaric chamber in here' they have one'm saying you buy portable.
Units. Yeah, absolutely. I use something called a secst,
which I think you would really like, it's the hard chamber it's glass.
You have one in your house. No,
but the secrets one or there's Joe ammo doing it.
I think Michael Phelps does it, you know, getting in the water much.
Why get that?
Wow. Literally it's wild at how, how much stuff it actually. So what.
What's the prognosis like with you, with the doctors that,
that have looked for parasites or doing all this blood scan,
do they think that they're gonna be able to straighten you out? They think so.
Yeah. They think,
they think with doing a holistic approach where medication can come in. Um,
at a later date, I had this doctor that's. Oh, you have PTSD.
Here's these pills. Mm oh, you have depression. Here's these pills. Yeah. Uh,
okay. Now, now you're starting to have anxiety for the first time in your life.
You've never had it before. Here's some more pills. Um, of course. Oh,
you think you have a D D here's some more pills.
They put me on three or four different pills at the same time.
I started feeling like a zombie. Yeah. Uh, like a zombie. I felt weird.
I felt like I started having like electricity running through my veins or
something like, like, uh, my muscle started twitching. My eyelid was, uh,
constantly spasming. So you did.
The doctors that have looked at this, all the different,
various ailments that you have, like, and they don't want you to do pills.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so what do they want you to do?
And what do they think is gonna be able to happen?
They think you'll be able to fight again.
Are there, um, so Dr. Aman, he's a guy that says, man,
our brains are the, literally you can live,
they can do lung transplants. Right. And heart transplants,
kidney transplants, like you can't do a brain transplant. Right.
And so he's saying that anyone that's in a brain damaging occupation.
And he said, whether that's fighting football or even being a firefighter,
because that is a brain damaging occupation,
you're breathing in burning couches,
which are putting off all these harmful chemicals. Um, and so he said,
you want to protect it and promote your brain health as much as you
possibly can. Right. Um, so he's a brilliant guy and, um,
he's gonna be on weekly calls with me, guiding me, uh,
keeping me accountable on how am I protecting my sleep? How am I,
what am I getting to eat? Uh, you know, also supplementation,
uh, what's that one that you are on here are what Davidson Claire talking about.
NN. Uh it's like that rolls rverol yes.
That one. Yeah. It's not a drugs. It's uh, interaccident drugs. Yeah. Okay.
Well that, plus some of the other things that you guys were talking about,
like they're all in his, um, supplements where he tells you,
go get these supplements from here and here and make sure that you're optimizing
your brain health.